okay so here we are I'm back I hooked up
the two pin four on the c2 driver's side
plug and what I'm going to do here is
I'm actually going to turn on the the
power supply and we're gonna check the
fuel gauge okay so here we go so the
power supplies on okay i'm gonna i'm
going to i'm going to apply or turn the
potentiometer and we're going to see if
it changes the fuel gauge okay
so I should be getting there sometime
soon now keep in mind the fuel gauge
sending unit is 90 ohms and the oil
pressure gauge there we go
the oil pressure gauge is up in the 1300
ohm range I think and so what I've what
I had is what I've got to do is I just
got myself a 5 K pot so it's kind of its
kind of a rough it's kind of a rough
adjustment because it doesn't take much
to get it to move this much but I can
make an accurate measurement if I wanted
to I could take the pot use my standard
D mm which you'll see right there okay
and then what I would do is I would
actually make measurement on the
resistor at half of 90 which would be 45
and when i when i got there that would
be exact or should be exactly 1 1/2 on
the fuel gauge so and I'm having trouble
I'm trying to trying to get this thing
right up on on half a tank and it's kind
of hard to do it with only one hand but
you can see you can see the fuel gauge
is actually working the way that's
supposed to that pots all the way open
now so when the tanks empty and the end
the sending unit and the tank is is
completely empty this thing sits right
on the e so you can you can pretty much
Bank on when this thing says e when when
my car says E you're walking at that
point ok so if you got any questions
about it leave me a PM I'll talk to you
about it I'm gonna I'm gonna work on
trying to get a set up for the
tachometer over here ok so I want to see
the tachometer work too and at the same
time I could actually do the speedometer
the speed inputs a4 it's a four to one I
can use a frequency four to one and I
should be able to make both the
speedometer and the tachometer show me
that they're working ok so hang in there
for my next for the next video
you got any questions give me give me a
shout